This is my immitation CoolBar control.  A CoolBar is essentially a Cool 
looking ToolBar or ButtonBar, the real thing has a few extra features ... 
such as it is dockable, and they can be docked side by side and resized 
using a resize bar.  My Imitation CoolBar doesn't do that, all it does is 
give you a fancy Button Bar, with buttons which appear to pop up when the 
mouse is over them.  

My self imposed criteria when designing this was to use as few controls 
as possible, and to try to keep the code as simple as possible so that it 
is easy to move from one program to another.  The essential functionality 
is all held inside one routine - DrawCoolBar() and it has three parameters, 
the MouseButton and the Mouse X and Y co-ordinates.  

There are a few variables and flags which are set inside the DrawCoolBar() 
routine and which can be changed to change the appearance of the bar, for 
instance you can easily switch off the text.

The CoolBar is implemented as three PictureBoxes and a Timer control.  The 
first PictureBox is used as the canvas to draw the CoolBar on, the second 
PictureBox is used to hold the resource bitmap which holds pictures of the 
icons that are to be drawn on the buttons, I have drawn these using the 
standard 16 colour palette, the third PictureBox is used purely as a 
scratchpad, while we juggle the colours around on the resource bitmap, and 
the timer which is used to detect when the mouse moves off of the toolbar.  

The DrawCoolBar() function is called every time the Resize, MouseMove, 
MouseDown and MouseUp events are triggered for the first PictureBox, and 
also every time the timer is triggered.  The function returns an integer 
which is the button that the mouse is over, 1 for the first one, etc...  
I suggect catching the return value in the MouseUp event and executing the 
appropriate code for each button.  

I think the code is fairly straight forward and I have tried to comment it 
clearly. 

This code is released to the public domain ... enjoy.  

If you have any comments or questions or suggestions then feel free to 
contact me at PRicketts@compuserve.com.  

18 March 97